we have another 3 to four months before
we think tariff impact peaks. So
somewhere around the second quarter, you
should see the bulk of that transfer
come through and then in more of an
alleviation towards year end. But that
shock is not over yet. [music]
>> Hey Miriam.
>> Hi Telus.
>> So I've got circled on my calendar for
this upcoming week that Walmart is
reporting earnings. Walmart the newly
minted trillion dollar market cap
company. Pretty exciting for a retailer.
But here's the thing. How is Walmart
hitting market cap records when all we
talk about these days is the K-shaped
consumer economy?
>> Right? And what that means is that the
rich are getting richer while the poor
are getting poorer. So why is Walmart
booming?
>> We really wanted to put some more meat
on the bones of this kind of K-shaped
economy conversation because some of
some things make intuitive sense about
it, some things don't. So we are joined
today by RBC chief economist Francis
Donald. Francis, welcome.
>> Well, thank you for having me.
>> Why don't we start off by why don't you
tell us your definition of the K-shaped
economy because I think it means
different things to different people.
So, what does it mean to you and what is
driving it?
>> So, Miam, you mentioned the rich are
getting richer, the poor is getting
poorer, and that is a standard sort of
understanding of the K. And when you
picture the K, you have that upper part
that's rising and that lower part that's
falling. Now, here's the bad news.
That's actually always been true for
several several decades.
>> That's what I thought. one of our first
[laughter] questions like when has it
not been
>> exactly so this is this wealth
accumulation to the top 10% is not a new
phenomenon what's a little bit different
here since about 20 and 23 is I want to
picture I want you to picture instead an
Eshape which is that before about 2023
it was true that the rich were doing
better and the poor were doing worse but
they tended to move along the same
economic cycle
>> E so the parallel lines of the
It's like you had a line up here and a
line down here and they were kind of
chugging along.
>> They were sort of going
>> but they weren't widening.
>> They were not widening to the same
extent. Or the way I think about it is
that you could kind of go to an airline
with a consumer presentation and bring
the same presentation to a dollar store
for example and say your consumers if
everyone's you know if the top's doing
better then the bottom's doing better as
well. But in 2023 approximately, things
started to behave a little bit
differently. And it isn't so much that
all of a sudden the rich started getting
miraculously richer. It's that something
happened back in 2023 that knocked us
out of that e into the economy actually
operating in many different cycles. And
what that means is that most Americans
are not experiencing the same tailwinds
or headwinds to their environment as the
top 10%. And so all of a sudden data
that looked at the masses or the bottom
part of the K wasn't reflecting the
aggregate amount of spending in the
economy. So the reason that economists
are so fascinating with this is because
it's changed the way that we actually
have to use economic data. One of the
really good examples about this is that
you might remember back in the summer of
2022.
This may not stand out to you, but to
economists it is dark days. economists
called for a recession in
[clears throat] 2023.
>> Interesting. Yeah.
>> I was hoping that you wouldn't remember
it because [laughter] uh
>> Well, we don't because there was no the
famous recession of 2023 didn't happen.
>> Well, that's that's right. So, up goes,
you know, we all call for a recession in
2022. Why? Because at that time,
consumer confidence was collapsing.
Sentiment data looked as bad or worse
than we've seen in past recessions.
Sometimes it looked as bad as what we'd
seen in the Great Financial Crisis. And
so all of our economic models that
relied on things like leading economic
sentiment indicators, well, they weren't
just red, they were flashing red. And
why
>> why was sentiment so low back then?
>> Well, sentiment was low, interest rates
were surging very aggressively. And so
too was inflation, particularly in
things like rent and food. So fast
forward into 2023 and into 2024 and now
up to 2026, and there has been no
recession. And yet sentiment hasn't
really remarkably improved. So there's
been a lot of folks who say, "Well,
maybe the sentiment data is broken.
Maybe people are complaining, but
actually things are okay for them. Maybe
it's just vibes. It's feelings, not
facts."
>> We've talked a lot about vibe session.
>> And we've had a lot of stories about
that in the Wall Street Journal, how the
data really doesn't match up with the
sentiment.
>> And here's how I feel about this. It's
not that folks are lying. It's not that
they, you know, watch too much social
media or they're engaging in too much
avocado toast or that they aren't
experiencing [laughter] a problematic
economy, engaging in too much avocado
toast. I love that.
>> It's something different altogether,
which is that, you know, if you go into
a room of 100 people and you ask
everyone, "How are you feeling about the
economy?" A consumer confidence
indicator weights everybody the same.
Everybody gets one vote in that. But
when you go out in the real economy,
that's not the case. Not everybody has
an equal vote when it comes to total
spending. We know there's plenty of data
that'll tell you the top 10% of
Americans spend 50% of all of the money.
And so as the masses began to feel much
worse for very real reasons, they were
telling the truth about this. But when
you looked at the total amount of
spending in the economy, it's not
everyone's voice that really translates
to things like GDP or total retail
sales.
>> So economists have had this struggle
which is well, do we ignore that
confidence data altogether? Do we say,
"Well, that's the K-shape and it's
irrelevant." Or do you recognize it as
just telling you something different? If
I want to forecast retail sales or GDP,
I can't spend as much time looking at
something like confidence data. But if I
actually want to think about the real
economy, if I want to help companies
understand who their customer base is,
if I want to help policymakers make the
right decisions, then ignoring things
like confidence data and saying it's
just the Kshape, that can be really
dangerous. So, going back to Walmart,
which we talked about in our intro, uh
what is going on? Like, why is it that
Walmart's doing so well right now? Is it
sort of the common denominator for
everyone?
>> Well, if you think broadly about how an
economist might frame the consumer
outlook, they'll say things like, "Well,
it's not great, but it's manageable."
So, inflation is rising. We're probably
have inflation stuck around 3%, but
wages are more than that. So, real wages
have probably been floating around or
have been floating around 1% uh for most
of this year. Now, that's not a booming
consumer economy, but it's enough to
help you hold on. There's other elements
in play that are distorting our consumer
views. Did consumers frontload
activities ahead of tariffs? So, for
example, if you heard that tariffs were
going up on furniture, did you buy more
of that in advance? That might
>> buy the new iPhone before the tariff.
That happened a lot. I know.
>> Exactly. And then there's other issues
that cloud our visibility as well. Like
one area we don't have a lot of data,
but we wonder now is buy now pay later
programs. So have we seen frontloading
of consumer activity? This just doesn't
show up in the traditional data points.
And that's an ongoing issue for us is we
know there are things happening in the
economy that we don't have full
visibility on. So we can have hypotheses
and look for clues as they come along.
But generally the consumer in the United
States is okay with huge distributional
range all around it. So, when I look at
earnings reports, what we're looking for
is comments from companies as to what
people are buying. Are they shifting
away from goods back into services? Are
they buying essentials? Are they
substituting out of discretionary into
having to spend more money on things
like food, for example? So, it's not the
headline story that's as interesting to
us as what are we learning about
households in America underneath the
surface of something like an earnings
report.
>> And so, and by real wages, you mean
those are inflation adjusted, right? So,
so people's wages are essentially
keeping up with inflation.
>> Well, that's right. When we think about
our consumers really being impacted by
inflation, we take, well, how much have
prices gone up and then how much have
wages gone up. So, really what you hope
is that wages have gone up more than
inflation. We call that the real wage.
That's been floating around 1% now for
over a year.
>> So, when a when a retailer say reports
earnings and you're listening to that
earnings caller, looking at the numbers
as an economist, right? not not
necessarily as a stock analyst, but as
an economist, what kinds of things are
you looking for? What pieces of data or
signals are you looking for that that
that help you kind of dial in that
higher resolution of okay, well, this is
specific type of consumer, that specific
type of consumer. H how do you start to
to differentiate?
>> Well, it depends what the individual
company is. But I'll tell you right now
when I'm listening to earnings, I'm
looking for a different word alto
together, which is tariffs. How much of
the tariff play has have you filtered
through? Have you absorbed all of that
shock? Have you wanted to maintain
market share and therefore you have not
passed on prices? Do you intend to pass
on prices? How have you offset the ind
the increase in cost? Because ultimately
at the end of the day, what I want to
know is are these companies who are
serving consumers also keeping folks
employed? because there's what things
cost and then there's how much you're
getting paid on the other side of it and
they all feed together into a really
complex story. The big question I have
that I can only see in earnings that I'm
not seeing any other data is where are
we in this tariff impact coming through?
From what we can tell, we're probably
maybe, you know, we have another 3 to
four months before we think tariff
impact peaks. So somewhere around the
second quarter, you should see the bulk
of that transfer come through and then
in more of an alleviation towards year
end. But that shock is not over yet. So
as much as we should really be focused
on how is the consumer behaving, I'm not
sure that the shift in prices to which
consumers will respond to is actually
finished just yet.
>> So M and I were talking about this just
before we we started recording. You know
that actually like a lot of retailer
stocks are doing really well right now.
If you look at not just Walmart but
Target stock is doing really well um you
know a number of others and maybe what
that goes to to if if if you know
looking at it through this lens right if
if companies are finally making
adjustments belated adjustments to
tariffs fundamentally changing their
pricing and things like that that might
be a sign that actually even though
these stocks are rallying it's not a
good sign for the consumer because
basically price increases are coming and
could be negative for inflation later in
the year. Do you think that some of
those prices [snorts] are going to start
to fl that we're going to see that in
inflation data at some point this year?
>> Yeah, we have inflation sticking around
3%. In fact, next month we're going to
hit the 5-year anniversary of inflation
above the Fed's 2% target. And sometimes
I think particularly after the pandemic,
we get used to these large macro stories
being really dramatic. you know,
double-digit inflation, recessions being
the really big problems, and that your
macro call, your your economist call
that really gets a lot of attention is
the really big dramatic once in
a-lifetime ones. But what we're
witnessing in the United States is
something that is a little bit nebulous
and maybe I'll even say a little bit
more nefarious, which is a slow creep,
or what's that expression of the frog
that's being slowly boiled, [laughter]
right? Um, that's how I think about
inflation, which is that it's been stuck
around 3% and is likely to stay stuck
around 3%. Some of that is that the
labor market is very, very tight. That's
one of our best indicators of what
services inflation will look like. Goods
inflation is creeping up off the back of
tariffs. Is it a dramatic breakdown? Not
at all. But is it enough to keep prices
above the Fed's target? Absolutely. And
then we have some mechanical elements
related to shelter that tell us that
while your CPI indicator that's probably
going to stay at a level that
historically we would have considered
uncomfortable now uh apparently we're
okay with it and it's the new normal.
We're going to take a quick break and
when we come back we'll have more with
Francis Donald of RBC.
>> Welcome back. Uh Francis, one thing I
wanted to you mentioned a little bit
people of different age groups, right?
So K's are not just rich, poor, asset
heavy, asset light. What's going on with
generational differences? Because we
really are facing, I don't know,
massive, you know, we forget that this
is peak 65. People are turning 65 and
retiring in huge numbers. And at the
same time, we know from past
conversations we've had that the labor
market is very different for young
people, for Gen Z. like how do we really
need to differentiate between what's
going on generationally as well?
>> This is my favorite topic right now. Uh
because you're right, it's it's related
to the K shape, but it is perhaps even
more disruptive to the standard way that
we perform economics, if one could say
perform economics or execute economics.
So you highlighted that we have an aging
population. Um and I think demographics
ends up being a secondary story for a
lot of folks because I think well this
has been going on in the background. And
we all know everyone will get old. What
happened that changed a story or made it
more relevant? Well, first just the
sheer volume. So about about one in five
just under one in five Americans is over
the age of 65 right now. Um and so uh
that has really critical implications.
So labor force participation rates in
the United States have been declining
since about 2000 and they continue to
decline. And yet labor force
participation rate for what we call
prime age workers. So it's 25 to 54 year
olds. That's at an almost all-time high.
So, if you're of that so-called prime
working age, you are actively engaged in
this labor market and you most likely
have a job. What's happening to the
United States economy, and I have high
conviction on this, is that America
needs workers, not jobs. And this is
going to be fundamentally defining to
this labor market going forward because
in the last 18 months, there's been an
incredible acceleration in retirees in
America. We have over 2 million folks
who are retiring every 12 months
continuously. And just to give you some
numbers, that change since two years ago
is an extra 60,000 people a month that
are leaving the labor force.
>> This is so dramatic that the United
States right now has three retirees for
every one unemployed new entrant that's
coming in.
>> So, a lot of folks will talk about this
no hire, no fire type of environment.
You've probably heard this idea. It's
very atypical. Usually, if you're firing
a lot of people, you're not hiring. If
you're hiring a lot of people, you're
not firing. They move separately from
each other. But instead, both are
frozen. Now, anecdotally, when I talk to
companies, I'll say, "Well, things are
going a little rough for you. Why aren't
you laying off more?" And they might say
to me, "Well, I don't have to. I just
wait. people.
Does this sort of counter the narrative
of jobs being eliminated by AI and like
because we might not need those jobs
anyway because we don't have enough
workers?
>> Well, this is for years what I would
hear. I'd be asked all the time, what
jobs is AI going to steal. But that
narrative is changing very dramatically
to thank goodness AI is here or we'd
have a very serious labor shortage. Wow.
But this retiree issue also complicates
a range of our data because a lot of
folks don't realize if someone retires
and you replace them, it doesn't count
as a new job creation. It doesn't come
up in that famous non-farm payrolls
number. So we have a hypothesis that
there is a lot more hiring happening
than shows up in a lot of our data. It's
just not net job creation. It's that job
exists and someone is coming and is
filling it. But this is changing a whole
range of issues. So for example, when
one retires, you get your social
security coming through. And right now
in America, about 20% of all income is
coming from Washington. It's transfers
from government. It's inflation adjusted
and it's not impacted by recessions
coming through. So this creates a sticky
consumer, right? the bigger the share of
your income that's coming from social
security, the less you have to worry
about the stock market pulling back or
what inflation is doing because you're
going to get an adjusted income from
that. So retirees are not just changing
how people get money with less focus in
the economy on income coming from wages.
It's also changing how they spend. You
know, 22% of spending in America right
now is on health care. So it shouldn't
be a surprise that over half of the jobs
created in the past year were
healthcare.
Uh so the the entire economy
>> it might be like home health aids,
nurses, things like that.
>> It can be it can be anything related to
medical services coming through. So it's
absorbing a larger and larger share of
income and spending. So you're going to
see tension in that sector that really
impacts our data. So sometimes over at
RBC, we have a large number for job
creation coming through and we'd get
some flak on that. You're not
particularly bullish on the US economy.
Why is your number higher? And we'd have
to say over and over that number is no
longer a reflection of how bullish you
are in US growth. It's that half of it
is going to be health care jobs. So
you're going to get this sustained
element, this floor under how weak the
economy can get. As we move away, as our
as the economy ages, as you see more and
more retirees, you will see more and
more of this sector which is effectively
a cyclical. Doesn't operate like a
regular business cycle. It's very
disruptive to the standard way we've
looked at the economy.
>> Are we in a softening labor market? Are
we still in an overall tight labor
market? How do how do you how do you
think things stand?
>> One of the hardest things right now is
to separate what's happening cyclally
with h what's happening structurally and
by that I mean we have these slowmoving
really powerful trends like the move
towards healthcare hiring which is going
to remain and then we still have a
cyclical part of the economy that's
going to move up and down. So when I say
for example that America's biggest
problem is workers not jobs that doesn't
mean that we're not going to have
periods of job weakness. It just means
that the persistent trend and the bias
is going to be towards a shortage of
labor, not an excess of demand for jobs
coming through. So the way to parcel
this out is first of all recognize there
is a lot of noise in our data. Uh
there's a lot of revisions in the data.
I can't tell you how many times we'll
stress as a team about what that
non-farm payroll number is going to be
on a Friday, put it into the system,
really take bets on who's going to get
it, get celebrated or the opposite of
celebrated for getting the call wrong,
and then the next month it's revised
entirely differently and no one
celebrates you a month after
>> if you were right after the fact
>> the first time. Exactly. [laughter]
So, I I like to say that, you know, we
have two jobs as an economist. The first
one is to predict what the number will
be and the second is to predict what's
actually going on in the economy. And
sometimes those numbers are different.
In fact, I would say increasingly they
are two very separate jobs.
>> So what picture does that paint of the
economy overall? Do we essentially have
sort of a shrinking pool of people who
okay, so there's not a lot of job
creation, but everybody who wants a job
has one and so therefore, okay, actually
consumers are doing okay. The US economy
is doing all right. Or does that
shrinking mean that like the economy is
just not going to grow as much? And by
the way, a shrinking labor market is
also a big driver of inflation, right?
Because that drives kind of, you know,
wage growth and price growth. And so,
you know, does does that you guys have
at RBC have talked about stagflation
risk, which is a word that it's we were
talking about a couple years ago. We
weren't really last year. So, what
picture does this paint overall?
>> For as long as I've been an economist
and as long as you've probably been
talking to economists, the view on the
United States was if the consumer has a
job, everything's going well. Right?
>> That was the thing. As long as the
unemployment rate was low, the consumer
is, you know, twothirds of the economy
plus plus plus, then everything is fine
and you can't be bearish on US growth
and you should not sweat a thing. Going
forward, it's no longer our view that
the best measure of the US economy is do
consumers have jobs? Because if you want
a job in America, you will probably have
one. putting aside some skills mismatch
here and there going forward, it's
probably going to be on the prices side,
which is is your job good enough to keep
up with some of these rise in prices
going forward.
>> Which is why this concept of real wages
or your wage versus price going up is so
critical on a go forward basis.
>> It's also why we talk about this sort of
uncomfortable connection between a tight
labor market, which is good. We want
Americans to have jobs and what it does
to inflation because one component of
inflation services inflation and the
best predictor of that is wage growth.
Uh and a tighter labor market does tend
to mean that wages are probably going to
stay somewhat more elevated. So [snorts]
how does this feed into the broader
inflation view? And this is where the AI
story becomes so incredible because you
you commented there that uh if you have
smaller people working, doesn't that
mean your economy will slow? Well, an
example that I've used for a really long
time is think about any economy. I'm
going to give you I'm going to help you
bypass a PhD in economics and boil it
down to one simple framework.
>> Oh, that sounds great.
>> If [laughter] you if you think about an
economy like a fast food restaurant, do
you have a favorite fast food
restaurant?
>> Uh Taco Bell? I don't know.
>> Taco Bell. So, if you think about Taco
Bell, [laughter] um
>> on the spot,
>> the I didn't think that was a hard
question, but I uh I can retract it. Uh
okay. So think about um an economy like
a Taco Bell and the GDP of this economy
is the number of tacos it creates.
>> Okay.
>> And the number of tacos that your Taco
Bell creates is always a function of two
things and two things only which is how
many people do you have working behind
the counter.
>> And how fast does each person make a
taco? And that could be they're using
technology as aid. It could be do they
have to fill up paperwork before they
make the taco. Do they have to run
around in a circle and do other forms of
regulatory burdens beforehand? Are they
skilled? Do they have experience? And
effectively, that's to say that when we
forecast GDP, we're always forecasting
two things. Your labor force and your
productivity. So, if you have less labor
force in play, you can still make a ton
of tacos. You just have to learn how to
make them much more quickly than you did
in the past. And
>> that's why arriving right now is so
critical because I see a lot of jobless
growth coming ahead in 2026. Growth
that's great for markets, not
necessarily for people. And that jobless
growth is only possible if productivity
really comes to fruition on the other
side. So you've spoken to one side of
the equation, but there's this whole
other side. Problem with the other side
is I'm not a futurist. Uh and it's hard
to know just how effective this
productivity will be. On the flip side,
it does however completely change the
discussion about does AI steal jobs? No.
AI is going to help us offset a shortage
of jobs.
>> That's a fascinating framework. We've
not heard anyone on this podcast talk
about that. So, it's really interesting.
But I also want to go back to the Gen Z
question because it seems like as Telus
mentioned like that group is really in a
different position when it comes to like
job prospects. I mean, and we've talked
a lot about how AI could really
undermine junior level jobs. What about
the next generation that's entering the
job market? What about them? Like will
there be demand for them? Will they be
able to find, you know, real wages, you
know, that keep pace with inflation?
>> Well, I certainly hope so. At the
moment, we have seen a pretty big uptick
in what we call youth unemployment,
which is 25 and under. Although, I don't
think you should tell a 24y old that
they are youth. I think they like to
believe that they can enter the labor
market. [laughter]
>> Some of them do. Some of them like to
play but a 35year-old would love to be
called youth.
>> Yes, I would be happy being called
youth. Uh so we have seen a big jump.
Now this isn't just in the United
States. We actually see this in
developed economies all over the world
right now. This jump. Now part of that
could be that before soft patches in the
economy, we do tend to see folks pull
back a little bit on new hiring. And so
who gets pulled back on on hiring? Well,
it's young people who are entering the
labor market. Um, others might say,
well, it's some of these companies being
more introspective about maybe some of
that tariff pressure coming through and
saying, where can we be more efficient?
Or it could be companies that are
saying, well, we we can maybe utilize
some of this transformational
technology. Can we replace some of these
junior rules and we're in exploration.
So on the topic of youth, I tend to
think about AI's adoption in the economy
as maybe going through a bit of an
adolescent phase in that it will be
bumpy and experimental, but we have
already seen a weakness in that
particular group and it should be
watched very carefully.
>> Well, and and to your point, Miriam, I
think what what you're saying is is is
really profound because, you know, we've
all been talking about for a long time,
you know, the graying of America, right?
And how will we pay for that? And maybe
AI gives some of the answer, right?
people will be able to just produce so
much that it will essentially, you know,
pay for our retirement.
>> This is honestly the most optimistic
take on AI I have heard yet.
>> Well, and we know, you know, Miriam,
you've been writing for a long time
about, you know, the whole like, right,
private credit is going to go into the
portfolios of retirees. What is private
credit doing? They're funding all these
data centers. So, it all kind of starts
to make sense. But to what you're saying
though is so interesting like are young
people going to be the beneficiaries?
Will they will they be the ones having
those AIdriven jobs or is it like the
the middle generation, you know,
middle-aged people will build these AI
systems, put them in place, they'll get
rich doing that and then young people
will just have nothing to do. So, I
guess that's that's the worrisome part
of this.
>> We don't know how productive these AI
systems will be.
>> Exactly. And and like I said, it's
really early. I mean, Chat GPT came in
in 2022. A lot of these young people uh
had already picked their major before
that technology even came to market. So
again, the sort of adolescent phase, but
I'm really, you know, I I think a lot
about all those years when they would
ask me, "What sectors will AI steal jobs
from?" I can remember the charts. They
haunt me of, you know, oh, finance is
going to be this amount, science is
going to be this amount, but I don't
remember ever seeing a single chart that
said it won't be a sector. It'll be an
entire demographic. And that's what
haunts me.
>> We're going to take one quick break.
When we come back, more questions for
Francis Donald, chief economist for RBC.
>> Francis, what what econom what economic
indicators would you put at the top of
the list of like things that people
should care about?
>> Well, it depends what the end goal is.
And maybe if I may, I could share a
quick personal story with you, which is
that the bulk of my career was in asset
management. So when you're employed in
asset management as an economist, your
job is to predict GDP and then it maps
to what will the S&P 500 do? What will
the entire yield curve do? And so I
always thought about GDP and retail
sales as this sort of esoteric number,
this game that I had to figure out which
fed into what does it mean for the stock
market. And in this new role that I have
working on the bank side, I spend so
much more of my time talking to
individual companies, CEOs and CFOs
about what their economy looks like. And
instead of thinking of GDP is this top-
down magical number that should then
filter down into everybody's story, I've
started to realize that the economy is
the sum of all of these individual
stories under the surface.
>> And so what indicator do you want to
look at? Well, what's your goal? If your
goal is to trade the S&P, then you can
look at things like GDP, total retail
sales, productivity, capex, the very
traditional indicators. But if you're
running your own business and you have a
consumer group, let's say it's you
really like to target millennials with
families, then you need to be really
aware of how interest rate burdens are
impacting them. Credit card defaults,
>> largely irrelevant if you're trading the
S&P, um, at least till this point.
incredibly relevant if you're really
looking at that particular consumer
group that takes on a lot of debt. So
the main message for me is the it's not
so much, you know, a playbook for each
individual thing or it's not so much
that you should have, you know, a
specific playbook with a specific set of
indicators, but what I try to tell my
clients all the time is just be wary
that the average is probably reflecting
no true economic story under the
surface. And if you're thinking about
picking stocks or you're thinking about
running your own businesses or even your
own situation with the economy, the
standard numbers just don't apply. It
seems like that is the real lesson of
the whole K-shaped economy. I mean, is
that you really need to parse through it
and figure out precisely which group
you're talking about to determine
whether they're doing well and their
economy is doing well.
>> Yeah. And the bottom line is that if you
want to understand Walmart's business,
frankly, the most important thing to do
is probably listen to Walmart's earnings
call, look at their specific customer
base and understand that. And that
maybe, you know, I I don't want to
invalidate the whole episode we've had
here, but like talking macroeconomics
can not necessarily help you when you're
thinking about a particular sector or
company. Well, this has been a
fascinating conversation, Francis.
Thanks so much for joining us.
>> Well, it's been a pleasure. Thank you so
much for having me.
>> [music]
[music]
>> There's no CNBC Canada edition, is
there?
>> No, we just watch the American one. We
most of We also watch the American
movies and American music.
>> [music]